The Joe Rogan experience.
You don't the Jeffrey Epstein.
Thing's a weird comparison because Eric Weinstein says Jeffrey Epstein.
Wasn't smooth at all.
I, I know that's what Eric says. Eric is.
Far smarter than the average human being far smarter to the point where
he's not buying anybody's. And he met with Epstein and he said,
right away, he's like, well, this is a construct. He's like, he's an actor.
This is a construct. This guy doesn't know what he's talking about.
He thought it was a hundred percent. I love Eric.
But, uh, and he is indeed brilliant, uh, probably way smarter than me,
but he's also flawed. No,
like all humans are and I D I disagree with him on that one.
I listen.
Did you meet Jeffrey Epstein? No, but.
I met a lot of you did let him.
When did you meet? You met him. Uh.
W just the MIT. So all the scientists are all, like, everybody met him.
This is the dark thing. All the scientists met him.
Yep. Here's the difference? Here's one of the differences. First of all,
Eric has gotten laid. Yeah, it's happened before. Yes.
He probably got laid a lot when he was young. Just to.
I have also gotten laid [inaudible].
No, I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about a lot of the scientists,
a lot of these scientists that is their kryptonite.
It's not a coincidence that this guy, allegedly,
it's not a coincidence.
This guy allegedly involved a huge part of the scientific
community in this crazy thing where he's got a island and he
ships off these brilliant minds over there,
allegedly and introduces them to a lot of these ladies, allegedly. Okay. Listen.
I, I meant allegedly referring to the kryptonite of sex,
being a kryptonite for scientists, for dorks, for dorks.
[inaudible].
Uh, there's no.
Disagreeing. I don't think that we can put all scientists in the group of dorks,
but yes.
There's a lot of Eric in there. Well, I saw through the.
I don't know. That's.
A little bit.
That's conspiratorial. I think, because to say there's many elements, I think,
I think what Eric says, which is like, uh, he was just a,
a tool of something bigger is that's a problem to me because
it removes the, uh,
the responsibility of evil from an individual and saying that there's some other
evil besides in the darkness. It's it's possible.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
He's saying that he's a part of the intelligence community and that's,
that's actually been reported on,
do you know that when he was arrested the initial arrest and when they,
he was given a very lenient sentence,
one of the guys who was involved in that case said it was above my pay grade.
And then I was told he was a part of the intelligence community.
Now the word had always been that he was a,
either a massage agent or someone along those lines.
If you have some of the most brilliant minds in the world and you want to
compromise them and you want to in somehow or another,
get them entangled in your world. There's two great steps.
I think you need some more.
Yeah. I was going to say, do you want to be,
I thought you consider yourself a man you're drinking. We're talking about not.
Sufficiently finished. I know I finished.
Mine before you pushing it. We should have another one.
What I was saying is if you want it to compromise, cheers, sir. Cheers.
Good to see you, man. Good legitimately. Really, really good to see you here.
As I tried to talk to you to move into Texas, um, there's two,
two ways you would compromise the scientific community. One of them being money,
right? So he gives them money funding that helps them millions of dollars,
right? Donated millions of dollars to various, uh, projects,
various things you're working on. Two women,
bring all these scientists together,
bring these brilliant guys together with the promise of money for all their
projects that working on. And then you bring them to an island and they say,
Hey, everything's fine here. Don't worry about it. You know, I got a temple.
That's painted like the Jewish flag. I Israeli flag.
I have faith that scientists have more integrity than that.
But it's not a matter of integrity. Like everything was above board.
If they don't know what he's doing and they're innocent, right.
Then they haven't done anything wrong and he's giving them money and taking
pictures with them just simply by taking pictures with him there.
Oh, the compromise your side. Yeah, I see. Okay. I thought you meant like,
like say there was a beautiful young lady here and then she was tasked with, uh,
escorting me around to show how wonderful texts.
I'll do is have photographs with you and this beautiful young compromise. Yes.
Now I do not know what happened, obviously, cause I wasn't there.
But I would imagine that if he was really a part of the intelligence community,
there was probably a directive.
There was probably something that they were working on to try to get these
people, to go along with whatever the he was doing.
But see to me that those are both different flavors of evil.
Both of them are not good, but okay. So.
But the intelligence community has always done that.
They have always compromised people with sex and they've always compromised
people with money is that there's this is a standard, you know,
I've directly talked to people who were in the CIA who would describe
methods that they would use to compromise individuals.
Wait, so is this good? The scientists have done something to avoid it.
It's hard because if they don't know right there, they're promised funding.
And then you have other scientists that are also going to be there. Hey,
this guy's going to be there. Hey, you got that guy.
This guy won this prize and he's going to be there. And this guy's from MIT.
He's going to be there. And you're like, well, that'd be a fun party. Yeah,
let's go. Should I bring my wife.
If Epstein, is that like, why? So there was,
I guess actually Eric makes this argument is like the whole thing that, uh,
Jeffrey Epstein was a pedophile was actually a negative in that sense for the,
if he is a part of like the intelligence community, you know what I think he,
the fact that he is a criminal, sorry to drop it as a negative.
I interrupted you. Um, I think it is a negative,
but I think when you're involved in that much to Prevoty,
I think you can get compromised. I think it's like a DEA agent.
It becomes a drug dealer. You know,
I think when you're around darkness all the time, I mean,
that happens a lot. We're undercover. Cops who come drug dealers just happens.
They, they,
they live in that world for too long and it just gets in their veins,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.